Foreign Business Conference
Yes sir
The scale space of this foreign business conference
Want to build a super consortium
Master, you'd better be one
Be fully prepared
Then I'll think about it again.
Young Master, I just heard about the Wanshang Conference
What family is that?
There's an assessment period for me
Only the assessment passed
I can officially return to Wanjia
Why do you still need to take the test?
If it doesn't pass
I know what you're thinking.
If you regret it
Go back to your Master Wanjie
At least he is still a family member
Master, what are you talking about?
How can he compare to you?
Claiming to be a top-notch killer
Even a small one can be dealt with
Waste is waste